docs: add Automated Version Bump for AsyncAPI as GH action (#560)
asyncapi/website: pages/docs/community/tooling.md

| [AsyncAPI Github Action](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/asyncapi-github-action) | This action validates if the AsyncAPI schema file is valid or not.
| [Generator for AsyncAPI documents](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/generator-for-asyncapi-documents) | This action generates whatever you want using your AsyncAPI document. It uses [AsyncAPI Generator](https://github.com/asyncapi/generator).
| [API documentation on Bump](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/api-documentation-on-bump) | With this Github Action you can automatically generate your API reference (with the changelog and diff) on [Bump](https://bump.sh) from any AsyncAPI file.

> | [Automated version bump for AsyncAPI documents](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/automated-version-bump-for-asyncapi) | With this Github Action you can automatically bump version based on commit messages, in similar to what semantic-release is for NPM. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Automated version bump for AsyncAPI documents](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/automated-version-bump-for-asyncapi) | With this Github Action, you can automatically bump the version based on commit messages, which is similar to what semantic-release is for NPM. 
```

Reviewer: 😄🙊
